Added advanced support of Android projects (#327)
Kotlin/kotlinx-kover: README.md

                        classes("com.example.*")
                        // includes all classes located in specified package and it subpackages
                        packages("com.another.subpackage")
                    }
                }

                // specify verification bound for this rule
                bound {
                    // lower bound
                    minValue = 1

                    // upper bound
                    maxValue = 99

                    // specify which units to measure coverage for
                    metric = kotlinx.kover.gradle.plugin.dsl.MetricType.LINE

                    // specify an aggregating function to obtain a single value that will be checked against the lower and upper boundaries
                    aggregation = kotlinx.kover.gradle.plugin.dsl.AggregationType.COVERED_PERCENTAGE
                }

                // add lower bound for percentage of covered lines
                minBound(2)

                // add upper bound for percentage of covered lines
                maxBound(98)
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ### To create report, combining coverage info from different projects, needs to add dependency to project, in which the report task will be run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To create report combining coverage info from different projects
You have to add dependency on the project, in which the report task will be run
```

Refer to [migration guide](docs/migration-to-0.7.0.md) in order to migrate from version `0.6.0` or `0.6.1`.

## DSL
The example of Kover configuration for Kotlin/JVM or Kotlin/MPP projects is given below
```groovy
kover {
    // disable()

    excludeJavaCode()

    useKoverTool()

    excludeInstrumentation {
        classes("com.example.subpackage.*")
    }

    excludeTests {
        tasks("myTest")
    }
}

koverReport {
    filters {
        includes {
            classes("com.example.*")
        }
    }

>     defaults {

Reviewer: Also,  'excludeJavaCode' isn't mentioned in migrations (although it also was a property?) and I haven't found example with it

>     defaults {

Author: > Also, 'excludeJavaCode' isn't mentioned in migrations

This is a migration guide from version 0.6.x, there was no this property

>     defaults {

Reviewer: Where it was then? Only in unreleased versions?
